我今天要教的是線對稱圖形，然後我原本預設今天的場合是雙語教育，我原本預想是這樣，但是我現在有點太緊張了，所以還是，我要先跟大家講我英文不好，但是我會I’ll try my best。


Hi, class we’ll start with the symmetry , today we are going to teach you guys the concept of symmetry , and first we’ll start with playing games, so now since you have six groups here, and game rulers _____ you see here is a square on the screen ,and if we…….OK so square if we can cut like this and fold it and they will become equal right? So we called it symmetry. And how…… this is a symmetry line, and how many symmetry lines are there in a square? There are in total four symmetry lines , so the game rulers _____ if you see a straight on the screen, you cut how many symmetry lines are there? For example, four members in your group and stand up , and I’ll know the answer of the group is four. And everyone clear? So let’s try an example. OK this is a kite shape, now you have to decide how many symmetry lines are there?

Ok, so I see some group five, one person and some groups they are two. OK so there are actually one similarity line. OK you can sit down. Thank you! If we cut like this, and fold it. It will not become ______. So there’s only one, single one. OK so let’s start our game , so now there are six groups. OK one, two , three, four, five ,six. OK so let’s start the game. First one, this is rhombus, a rhombus shape. How many symmetry lines are there? 

Some says four, some says six. Ok let’s see the answer. One, two, there are two. When you cut like this, it won’t become equal. Ok, so there are only two symmetry lines. OK so no groups are correct. Ok because it’s a rhombus, part of a square, so only two. Ok, next one. A regular triangle. Every single angle is sixty degree. OK? How many symmetry lines are there? 

Ok! Let’s see. Ok! Very good! You can sit down. One, two , three. Ok, very good. Oval. It’s not a circle, it’s an oval. How many symmetry lines are there?

Ok! Group six have you decided? Ok, so now ok, very good, you can sit down. There are two lines. And next one a trapezoid shape. A trapezoid, how many lines?
Please, stand up. Ok! Very good, there are only one. Ok, a star, a triangle star. Please stand up. 

There are five. And how about a heart shape?

One. Ok! Very good. Ok. Let’s start with the last one.

Ok. So anybody has any idea how many symmetry lines?

Six. Are you sure? 

Ok. Very good. And how about a parallelogram? Is there any symmetry lines here? We can cut it like this. Ok, now I want you think about it. Now there’s a shape for each group. Fold it and to see they can match together. Ok, so if you fold like this, they won’t match together. So there are no symmetry lines. And now I want to take out of hand and try to draw a symmetry. Drawing by yourself, so you can get……Ok, each of you can take ……..Now the thing you need to do is you can draw whatever shape you like, and make it symmetry, ok? For example, this one. Ok, so you can draw whatever shape you like. 


